But the Lord led me on ; being gracious, be took pity tm my ^jno- 
rance \ he heard my wailings, which had entered into the ear of the 
Lord of Sabaoth. Circumstances so traaepired that I soon cam* to 
a knowledge of the being and character of the Son of God, of whom 
I knew nothing. 

My strength had left me* I had become feverish and sickly Ikfengh 
the violence of my feelings, on which account I left my plaoe el set* 
vice to spend a week with a colored physician, who was a member 
of the Methodist society, and also to spend this week in going to 
places where prayer and supplication was statedly made for such as 
me. 

Through this means I had learned much, to as to be able in some 
degree to comprehend the spiritual meaning of the text, wbteh the 
minister took on the Sabbath morning, as before related, which was 
"I perceive thy heart is not right in the sightof God."— AeUy chapu 
g, verse 21. ^ 

This text, as already related) became the power of God uaso salva- 
tion to me, because I believed. I was baptized according to the di- 
rection of our Lord, who said, as he was about to ascend from the 
mount, to his disciples, "Go ye into all the world and preach my gos- 
pel to every creature, he that belie veth and is baptized shall be saved." 

I have now passed through the account of my conviction, and also 
of my conversion to God : and shall next speak of the blessings of 
sanctification. 

A time, after I had received forgiveness, flowed sweetly on ; tlay 
and night my joy was full, no temptation was permitted to msiest me. 
I could say continually with the psalmist, that "God had separated my 
sins from me as far as the east is from the west." I was ready con* 
tinuelly to cry, 

"Come all Ike world, come sinner thou, 
All things in Christ are ready now." 

I continued in this happy state of mind for almost three months, 
when a certain colored man, by name William Scett, came to pay me 
a religious visit. He had been for many years a faithful follower of 
the Lamb ; and he had also taken much time in visiting the sick and 
distressed of our color, and understood well the great things belonging 
to a man of full stature in Christ Jesus. 